/ (root, permits all)
Redirects to either /login if the client has not been
authenticated, or to /threads if it has.

/login (permits all)
Simple login form requesting a username and password. These
are checked (password hashed) with the name and pass
attributes in the users table.
Board details are also sent; name, imageurl, and motto of the
most recent entry, defined by date, from the boards table.
This page is redirected to when the client does not have the
permissions to visit a page.

/settings (permits admins)
Forms for adding a new entry into the boards table are here.
A new id is generated along with the date. These are passed
to the table along with given name, imageurl (with upload
option), and motto.
An integer limit to represent the maximum file size for
any one upload can be set here.

/threads (permits users)
Profile details, imageurl and name, of the entry with a 
matching id from the users table. Links to /users/id/settings
where id is the id of the authenticated user.
A link to /threads/new should be here.
List of threads generated from all entries in the threads
table. For each entry in threads table attributes imageurl and
content- from posts table where id matches postid- and subject,
and postid from threads table. These link to /threads/id 
where id is the postid value of that thread.

/threads/id (permits users)
The imageurl, content, subject, postid, userid, and date of
the threads entry with matching postid, and the related posts
entry with matching id.
Queries the posts table for all entries that have a parentid
that matches the id. Same attributes as above are given.
The userid is queried with users to find a matching id entry
and name is sent, which links to /users/userid.
Images link to /images/id where id is the name of the image
file with its extension removed.
A link to /threads/id/new, where id is the postid of the thread
(the id of the opening post). A form to create a new posts
entry at the bottom, where the id of the thread is passed
to parentid to indicate a reply. The id and date are 
generated, while the id of the authenticated user is given to
userid. Text box takes in content, but no subject is taken as
those are specific to opening posts only. Image upload also
available with the resulting url passed to imageurl.

/threads/new (permits users)
Form to create a new threads and posts entry. An id is
generated for the postid and id of the threads and posts table
respectively. File upload option with the resulting url
passed to imageurl of posts table. Text for subject and 
content are taken for threads and posts tables. The id of the
authenticated user passed to userid of posts entry. Finally
a date is generated and passed to date of posts, the parentid
is left empty or given a value of 0 to indicate opening post.

/users (permits users)
Queries for all entries in users table and sends the imageurl,
id, and name attributes. For each entry a link is given to
/users/id.

/users/id (permits users)
The name, and imageurl from posts table with matching id are
received. Queries posts table for any entries with userid
matching id and returns its attributes. The parentid links
to /thread/parentid for easy context access.

/users/id/settings (permits specific user)
Authentication check that the currently authenticated user
has a matching id value. Forms to change name, pass, and 
imageurl available here. A new image can be uploaded while
the server deletes the previous image.

/users/new (permits admins)
Form to create a new entry in the users table. A keycode
is generated and passed to the table along with the date
and given expiry value, which is a integer representing a
time frame.
Other attributes are left blank to be filled later by 
another page. A link to /users/new/keycode is generated that
is to be sent to a registering user.

/users/new/keycode (permits all)
A check is done by adding the date and expiry attributes and
comparing them to a current date value. If there is an 
existing username/password, the client is informed that the
keycode has been used. If it exceeds the current date, and 
there is no existing username/passsword the entry in the users table is deleted and the client is informed the keycode has 
expired.
Otherwise, the remaining time is displayed and a form
accepting a username and password is displayed. These are
passed to the name and pass attributes respectively, where
the password is hashed before being entered. An image can
also be uploaded at this stage, with the url passed to
imageurl.

/images (permits users)
When images are uploaded they are given a unique id for a name
and stored here. Navigating to this page will return a list
of urls of each image.

/images/id (permits users)
The url for the image in the images directory with a name
matching the id (with file extensions removed), is returned.
